ruben I am a new one is my new one
friend
don't see sweet this is the numbers and flip
you know your hunger sit flip naming
what he flips
click once so it can open
chorus and he can be that way
oh my gosh he is very strong and such
robust
so come once a week or with
weekend of testing whether this good is my
eyebrows
this is it
they were where we are looking
to a new new table
new table for and they will and
so pass out and we were so
that office chair that you once had before
always
so a real well then we bake
just don't table it at all
back are often just take this
we that I just sync well
So turning my ccleaner
it fits snugly in their legs
for that you know it already have a rye
keyboard and small so over all
it is very small
yes listen here and I can rely on me
because then you were so I knew I send
I think I use them right away
thing
the bar for whom it is no longer
you just love my room and i can
I only use my keyboard
only my crew is just as if you
must check quickly for you have two
serious violation
imagine you go your two picture yes me
can that too
screens throughout and if you are the key
the canvas once had a third
screens you can be that third
screen can just put on it and
Then you do the attitude is from IWB
so when you play, buy that screen
people yes oh yes there must be change
new image of buy now then is also
just 100 euros 150 euros extra for that
new screen
now she is all the money in the world
sure yes that is never difficult yet
a nice one
we are those things that fall like that
apart then large
what a nice store against kenny de
ruben name humanism new friend
this is now my hello ruben
Through the blender you are to pussy the bastards
ruben no we will continue to search what what
shit I want I want I want such a bar stool
I try so much fun and so much Belgium
but it's an idea it's an idea
but let's continue searching for
maybe none of these desks or something
right political shock much more strongly
everything